# evo_ros2 #
This directory contains the source code of the new version of Evo-ROS geared towards supporting purely ROS-based platforms.

## Wiki ##
Please see the msu_autorally_src wiki, link below, for more detailed installation and running instructions.
Wiki: https://github.com/gsimon2/msu_autorally_src/wiki

## Directory Discriptions ##
### config directory ###
The config directory contains two configuration files used by Evo-ROS
* evo_ros2_config.yaml
  * This configuration file specifies many of the running behaviors of Evo-ROS, incuding the IP address of the front-end.
* genome_mapping.yaml
  * This configuration file specifics how the incoming genome from the front end should be parsed.

### include directory ###
This is auto-generated by the catkin_make command and should rarely have to be editted.

### launch directory ###
The launch directory contains the launch files for Evo-ROS. While the "evo_ros2.launch" is used everytime, it should never have to be editted. The simulation manager launch files will have to be when setting up new experiments. Which simulation manager launch file is used is dictated by a parameter set in the evo_ros2 config file.

### msg directory ###
The msg directory defines any custom ROS messages that are used by Evo-ROS.

### src directory ###
The src directory contains any of the code written for Evo-ROS2 and contains a more detailed readme describing its contents.

### srv directory ###
The srv directory defines any custom ROS services that are used or provided by Evo-ROS. Currently it contains the SoftReset service, which is a work in progress for resetting the state of the simulation environment without having to tear it down.
Note that this service in theory should work just as is, but the Gazebo DeleteModel service is not guaranteed to actually delete the specified model, which makes this service not dependable.
