# python_scripts #

## Wiki ##
Please see the msu_autorally_src wiki, link below, for more detailed installation and running instructions.
Wiki: https://github.com/gsimon2/msu_autorally_src/wiki

## Directory Discriptions ##
### archive directory ###
This contains old or one-time use scripts. If experiencing issues with the robonodes, it may be worth looking through these scripts as the contain the commands I have used to fix various software issues present across VMs running on the robo nodes.


## File Discriptions ##
All of the python scripts follow the same layout and I recommend opening them before running them to make sure that they are configured correctly.
They utilize the python OS lib open an XTerm that ssh's into each VM and run commands. 
The node set file to be used is defined by the variable "work_nodes_file_name".


### clear_gazebo_logs.py ###
Logs into each VM specified by variable "work_nodes_file_name" node set and clears all logs generated by ROS and Gazebo, then prints off the available storage on the VM.

### compile_VMS.py  ###
Logs into each VM specified by variable "work_nodes_file_name" node set and executes the catkin_make command on the autorally_catkin_ws/ directory.


### switch_git_branch.py ###
Logs into each VM specified by variable "work_nodes_file_name" node set and switches the git branch to the one specified by the "git_branch" variable.


## Node Sets ##
These must be changed depending on what VMs are currently operating on the robonodes. These are just groupings that I frequently used.

### active_nodes.yml ###
A subset of VMs that were at one time the only active ones. 

### all_nodes.yml ###
All of the VMs running on the robonodes.

### update_nodes.yml ###
A subset of VMs that were at one time the only ones that needed to be updated. 
